1. A media agency stores its re-creatable assets on Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) buckets. The assets are accessed by a large number of users for the first few days and the frequency of access falls down drastically after a week. Although the assets would be accessed occasionally after the first week, but they must continue to be immediately accessible when required. The cost of maintaining all the assets on Amazon S3 storage is turning out to be very expensive and the agency is looking at reducing costs as much as possible.

As an AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Associate, can you suggest a way to lower the storage costs while fulfilling the business requirements?



2. The IT department at a consulting firm is conducting a training workshop for new developers. As part of an evaluation exercise on Amazon S3, the new developers were asked to identify the invalid storage class lifecycle transitions for objects stored on Amazon S3.

Can you spot the INVALID lifecycle transitions from the options below? (Select two)


3. A gaming company is looking at improving the availability and performance of its global flagship application which utilizes User Datagram Protocol and needs to support fast regional failover in case an AWS Region goes down. The company wants to continue using its own custom Domain Name System (DNS) service.

Which of the following AWS services represents the best solution for this use-case?

A). AWS Global Accelerator
B). Amazon CloudFront
C). Amazon Route 53
D). AWS ELB


4. A software company has a globally distributed team of developers, that requires secure and compliant access to AWS environments. The company manages multiple AWS accounts under AWS Organizations and uses an on-premises Microsoft Active Directory for user authentication. To simplify access control and identity governance across projects and accounts, the company wants a centrally managed solution that integrates with their existing infrastructure. The solution should require the least amount of ongoing operational management.

Which approach best meets the company’s requirements?


5. A company uses Amazon S3 buckets for storing sensitive customer data. The company has defined different retention periods for different objects present in the Amazon S3 buckets, based on the compliance requirements. But, the retention rules do not seem to work as expected.

Which of the following options represent a valid configuration for setting up retention periods for objects in Amazon S3 buckets? (Select two)


The DevOps team at an e-commerce company wants to perform some maintenance work on a specific Amazon EC2 instance that is part of an Auto Scaling group using a step scaling policy. The team is facing a maintenance challenge - every time the team deploys a maintenance patch, the instance health check status shows as out of service for a few minutes. This causes the Auto Scaling group to provision another replacement instance immediately.

As a solutions architect, which are the MOST time/resource efficient steps that you would recommend so that the maintenance work can be completed at the earliest? (Select two)

